

**Description**
Postdoctoral Position - Quantitative Protein Mass SpectrometryDana Farber Cancer InstituteBoston, MA The Eck lab at the Dana-Farber Cancer Institute and Harvard Medical School uses structural, biochemical and biophysical approaches to study protein kinase regulation and other aspects of cellular signal transduction. We use our structural and mechanistic insights to drive development of novel anti-cancer drugs. Systems of current interest in the lab include RAF-family kinases and their control of the RAS/RAF/Map kinase pathway (Park et al., Nature 2019), mutational activation of EGFR in lung cancer (Jia et al., Nature 2016; To et al., Cancer Discov. 2019) and dysregulation of JAK2 in myeloproliferative disorders (McNally et al., ACS Chem Biol. 2019). A Postdoctoral position is available in the lab (https://ecklab.dana-farber.org/) for a curious and mechanistically minded scientist with deep expertise in Mass Spectrometry. We are combining techniques in structural biology, biochemistry, and mass spectrometry to build a “device-level”, functional understanding of the core components of the Ras/MAP kinase pathway, from growth factor receptor (EGFR) activation to RAS, RAF, MEK and ERK. The ideal candidate will be able to exploit diverse mass spectrometry-based approaches (including both top-down and bottom-up) to follow the evolution of signaling complexes and their posttranslational modifications in a quantitative manner, in both cells and in vitro reconstitutions. Experience with Orbitrap-based instrumentation is highly desired. We have state-of-the-art facilities for structural and biophysical studies and a highly collaborative, interdisciplinary environment in Dana-Farber’s Longwood Center. We are part of the Chemical Biology program at the Dana-Farber and the Department of Biological Chemistry and Molecular Pharmacology at Harvard Medical School.  We collaborate with disease-focused scientists and medicinal chemists in both industry and academia to pursue new therapeutic approaches inspired by our structural discoveries. Responsibilities:  Develop an ambitious research project combining mass spectrometry with structural approaches to probe mechanisms of cell signaling.  Qualifications:  A Ph.D. or equivalent doctoral degree in analytical chemistry, biochemistry or related discipline  For more information, or to apply, please visit: https://careers-dfci.icims.com/jobs/17450/postdoctoral-position%2c-quantitative-protein-mass-spectrometry/job About Dana Farber:Located in Boston and the surrounding communities, Dana-Farber Cancer Institute brings together world renowned clinicians, innovative researchers and dedicated professionals, allies in the common mission of conquering cancer, HIV/AIDS and related diseases. Combining extremely talented people with the best technologies in a genuinely positive environment, we provide compassionate and comprehensive care to patients of all ages; we conduct research that advances treatment; we educate tomorrow's physician/researchers; we reach out to underserved members of our community; and we work with amazing partners, including other Harvard Medical School-affiliated hospitals. Dana-Farber Cancer Institute is an equal opportunity employer and affirms the right of every qualified applicant to receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, gender identity or expression, national origin, sexual orientation, genetic information, disability, age, ancestry, military service, protected veteran status, or other groups as protected by law.


