

**Description**
Company Overview Beam Therapeutics, launched in 2018, is pioneering the use of CRISPR base editing to develop a broad portfolio of advanced genetic medicines. Our groundbreaking base editing technology allows us to make permanent, specific edits to single bases in DNA and RNA, without cutting the strands. Base editor therapeutics represent a new class of “precision genetic medicines,” combining precision targeting of the genome with precision control of editing outcomes. Our dream is to provide life-long cures for patients suffering from serious diseases. The Beam Team Is:  A community of fearless innovators Rigorous and honest in our research Listening with open minds Committed to each other  Position Overview We are seeking an innovative, collaborative, and accomplished mass spectrometrist to support the analytical development of novel base editing therapies. This position will be instrumental in designing, developing and utilizing qualitative/quantitative LC-MS and other analytical assays to advance our pipelines. The candidate should have extensive experience of LC, LC-MS, and other analytical tools to support our delivery platforms (non-viral and viral), RNA characterization, structural biology, and discovery programs. Experience in regulatory reports, assay validation/qualification, automation, and high throughput data processing is helpful for this role, but not required. Primary Responsibilities:  Developing, running, and troubleshooting assays to support RNA, protein, DNA, AAV, and lipid programs Technical expertise in LC-MS development (characterization and bioanalysis) CRO interaction and management Writing development reports and SOPs and train team members Working with a cross-disciplinary team to advance our pipelines Independent problem solver and creative team player with strong adaptability to a dynamic environment  Qualifications:  PhD in Biochemistry, Biology, Chemical Engineering, Bioengineering, or related discipline Proven expertise in LC-MS assay development and good track record in high levels of performance Proficiency in complex data analysis, good understanding of automation and bioinformatics 2-5 years of experience in a Pharmaceutical organization or a CRO/CMO Strong understanding of analytical requirements to support delivery modalities and nucleic acid chemistry Ability to adapt to increasing scope and complexity of work Independent thinker and team player with excellent communication skills  Directions to apply: Submit your resume to careers@beamtx.com Please list this job title in the Subject of your email. Qualified candidates will be contacted immediately!


